				-----STARTERS-----
			Tuna Dip
Ingredients:
Dairy
5 teaspoons mayonnaise

Vegetables
1 large onion

Fish
1 big can tuna

Sauces
1 teaspoon tomato purée

Oils
1 teaspoon vinegar

Method of preparation:
1. Mix all the ingredients in a food processor or blender. 
2. Serve with Maltese galletti or Maltese bread 

Source: "http://www.ilovefood.com.mt/recipes/tuna-dip/"

			Prawn Cocktail
Ingredients:
Dairy
¼ pint mayonnaise

Vegetables
4 tablespoons finely shredded lettuce
1 level dessertspoon horseradish

Fish
225g shelled prawns

Fruit
A squeeze of lemon juice
8 level tablespoons tomato ketchup
4 thin slices of lemon

Sauces
1 tsp Worcestershire sauce

Method of preparation:
1. In a mixing bowl, combine the prawns (reserving 4 for as a garnish), ketchup, cream, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce lemon juice and shredded lettuce.
2. Place mixture in a glass serving dish, garnish with the prawns and lemon slices. Chill slightly before serving.

Source: "http://allrecipes.co.uk/recipe/29182/easy-prawn-cocktail.aspx"

			Mushroom Soup
Ingredients:
Dairy
75 g butter

Vegetables
1 small onion
340 g (button) mushrooms

Meat
4 cups light chicken stock (or broth)

Herbs & Spices
1 sprig of parsley
Freshly ground black pepper

Alcohol
56 ml high-quality sherry

Method of preparation:
1. In the medium saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons/28 g of the butter over medium heat and add the onion. 
2. Cook until the onion is soft and translucent, then add the mushrooms and the remaining butter. 
3. Let the mixture sweat for about 8 minutes, taking care that the onion doesn't take on any brown color. 
4. Stir in the chicken stock and the parsley and bring to a boil.
5. Immediately reduce the heat and simmer for about an hour. 
6. After an hour, remove the parsley and discard. 
Let the soup cool for a few minutes, then transfer to the blender and carefully blend at high speed until smooth.

Source: "https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/mushroom-soup-231145"

			Bruschetta
Ingredients:
Vegetables
2 cloves of minced garlic

Bread
1 baguette (French bread or similar Italian bread)

Fruit
7 ripe tomatoes

Oils
1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar
1/4 cup olive oil

Herbs&Spices
6-8 fresh basil leaves
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper

Method of preparation:
1. Blanch and peel the tomatoes: 
Bring 2 quarts of water to a boil. 
As the water is heating make shallow cuts in a cross pattern at the tip ends of the tomatoes (this will make the tomatoes easier to peel).
Once the water is boiling, remove the pot from the heat. 
Put the tomatoes in the hot water and blanch for 1 minute.
Remove with a slotted spoon and let sit until cool enough to handle. 
Then gently peel off the tomato skins. 
Cut out the stem base with a paring knife.
Cut the tomatoes into halves or quarters and squeeze out most of the juices and seeds.
2. Preheat oven to 450°F (230°C) with a rack in the top slot of the oven.
3. Chop tomatoes, toss them with garlic, olive oil, vinegar, basil, salt and pepper: 
Finely chop the tomatoes and place them in a medium bowl. 
Mix in the minced garlic, 1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil, and the balsamic vinegar.
Stir in the thinly sliced basil and add salt and freshly ground black pepper, adding more to taste.
4. Toast the baguette slices: 
Use a bread knife to slice the baguette on the diagonal making half-inch thick slices. 
Brush one side of each slice with olive oil (a pastry brush helps here) and place olive oil-side down on a baking sheet or roasting pan.
When the oven has reached 450°F (230°C) place the slices in the oven on the top rack and toast for 5 to 6 minutes until lightly browned around the edges.
5. Serve toasted bread with tomato mixture: 
Arrange the toasted bread on a platter, olive oil side facing up (the olive oil will help create a temporary barrier keeping the bread from getting soggy from the chopped tomatoes).
Either serve the toasts plain with a bowl of the tomato bruschetta mixture on the side for people to top their own, or use a spoon to gently top each toasted bread slice with some of the tomato mixture. 
If you top each slice individually, do it right before serving.

Source: "https://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/bruschetta_with_tomato_and_basil/"

=======
Deserts

1) Banoffee Pie

	Ingredients

		Dairy
			175g melted butter
			397g Carnation Condensed Milk
			150ml carton whipping cream

		Fruit
			2 medium bananas

		Carbohydrates
			75g dark brown sugar

		Grains
			Cocoa powder

		Sweets
			225g light digestive biscuits, crushed

	Steps

		1) Put the biscuit crumbs in your bowl, then tip in the melted butter and mix it all together. Spoon this into the base and press against the bottom and sides – this is the base of the banoffee pie recipe. Chill it for ten minutes.
		2) Place 75g butter and sugar into a non-stick saucepan over a low heat, stirring all the time until the sugar has dissolved. Add the condensed milk and bring to a rapid boil for about a minute, stirring all the time for a thick golden caramel. Spread the caramel over the base, cool and then chill for about 1 hour, until firm or until ready to serve.
		3) Carefully lift the pie from the tin and place on a serving plate. Slice the bananas; fold half of them into the softly whipped cream and spoon over the base. Decorate with the remaining bananas and finish with dusting cocoa powder on top.


	Tips: To get the most out of our banoffee pie recipe, make sure that you really boil the filling for at least 1 minute to be sure it sets to a fantastically tasty squidgy caramel. You can also use grated chocolate to decorate the pie! 

	Quoted from: "https://www.carnation.co.uk/Recipes/8/Classic-Banoffee-Pie-Recipe"


2) Lemon Cheesecake

	Ingredients
		
		Dairy
			50g butter	
			350g mascarpone cheese

		Fruit
			4 lemons (3 juiced, 1 zested)

		Carbohydrates
			25g light soft brown sugar
			75g caster sugar
		
		Sweets
			110g digestive biscuits

	Steps

		1) To make the base, crush 110g digestive biscuits in a food bag with a rolling pin or in the food processor.
		2) Melt 50g butter in a saucepan, take off heat and stir in 25g light soft brown sugar and the biscuit crumbs.
		3) Line the base of a 20cm loose bottomed cake tin with baking parchment. Press the biscuit into the bottom of the tin and chill in the fridge while making the topping.
		4) Beat together 350g mascarpone cheese, 75g caster sugar, the zest of 1 lemon and juice of 2-3 lemons, until smooth and creamy.
		5) Spread over the base and chill for a couple of hours.		

	Quoted from: "https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/1567660/lemon-cheesecake"


3) Home-made Lemon Sorbet

	Ingredients

		Fruit
			180ml lemon juice
			3 tablespoons grated lemon peel

		Carbohydrates
			200g white sugar
		
		Liquids
			240ml water

	Steps

		1) Place sugar and water in a small saucepan; bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Reduce heat; simmer, uncovered, 2 minutes. Cool completely.
		2) Stir in lemon peel and juice. Freeze according to manufacturer's directions.
		3) Transfer sorbet to a freezer container, allowing headspace for expansion.		

	Quoted from: "https://www.tasteofhome.com/recipes/lemon-sorbet/"

4) Chocolate Cake

	Ingredients
		
		Dairy
			240ml milk

		Oils
			2 teaspoons vanilla extract
			120ml coconut oil

		Carbohydrates
			200g white sugar

		Grains
			1 teaspoons espresso powder
			150g cocoa powder
			400g all-purpose flour

		Liquids
			240ml boiling water

		Protein
			2 large eggs

		Addatives
			2 teaspoons baking powder
			1.5 teaspoons baking soda
			1 teaspoon salt

	Steps

		1) Add flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, salt and espresso powder to a large bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer. Whisk through to combine or, using your paddle attachment, stir through flour mixture until combined well.
		2) Add milk, vegetable oil, eggs, and vanilla to flour mixture and mix together on medium speed until well combined. Reduce speed and carefully add boiling water to the cake batter until well combined.
		3) Distribute cake batter evenly between the two prepared cake pans. Bake for 30-35 minutes, until a toothpick or cake tester inserted in the center of the chocolate cake comes out clean.
		4) Remove from the oven and allow to cool for about 10 minutes, remove from the pan and cool completely.

	Quoted from: "https://addapinch.com/the-best-chocolate-cake-recipe-ever/"